Add tasks API section (#9373)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/tasks/cancel-tasks.md

<!-- spec_insert_start
api: tasks.cancel
component: endpoints
-->
## Endpoints
```json
POST /_tasks/_cancel
POST /_tasks/{task_id}/_cancel
```
<!-- spec_insert_end -->

<!-- spec_insert_start
api: tasks.cancel
component: path_parameters
-->
## Path parameters

The following table lists the available path parameters. All path parameters are optional.

| Parameter | Data type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `task_id` | String | The ID of the task. |

<!-- spec_insert_end -->

<!-- spec_insert_start
api: tasks.cancel
component: query_parameters
-->
## Query parameters

The following table lists the available query parameters. All query parameters are optional.

| Parameter | Data type | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `actions` | List or String | A comma-separated list of actions that should be returned. Keep empty to return all. |
| `nodes` | List | A comma-separated list of node IDs or names to limit the returned information. Use `_local` to return information from the node you're connecting to, specify the node name to get information from specific nodes, or keep the parameter empty to get information from all nodes. |

> | `parent_task_id` | String | Returns tasks with a specified parent task ID (node_id:task_number). Keep empty or set to -1 to return all. |

Author: There shouldn't be from what I can tell. I did switch to this to code format, however.

| `wait_for_completion` | Boolean | Waits for the matching task to complete. When `true`, the request is blocked until the task has completed. _(Default: `false`)_ |

<!-- spec_insert_end -->

## Example request

> The following request cancels any tasks found on two nodes in the cluster, `opensearch-node1` and `opensearch-node2`:

Author: "On either" might not make sense, since the response cancels tasks found on both nodes, as opposed to one or the other. 

Maybe this instead:

```suggestion
The following request cancels any tasks currently running on `opensearch-node1` and `opensearch-node2`:
```

> The following request cancels any tasks found on two nodes in the cluster, `opensearch-node1` and `opensearch-node2`:

Reviewer: "and" is correct if we mean that tasks found on both nodes are canceled. "or" if either one.
